# Multimodal-sentimental-analysis
### Multimodal sentimental analysis for social media applications: A comprehensive review
The sentiment analysis can be used for a variety of applications like product reviews, movie reviews on social media, online news, and video content analysis. The existing works related to sentimental analysis focus only on single modal sentiment analysis and the work related to multi-modal sentiment analysis terms with quality. The multi-modal sentiment analysis provides a method to carry out opinion analysis based on the combination of video, audio, and text.[1]This paper presents a method for multimodal sentiment classification, which can identify the sentiment expression. Using a new multimodal dataset consisting of sentiment-annotated utterances extracted from video reviews, we show that multimodal sentiment analysis can be effectively performed.This analysis helps to classify the polarity (Positive, Negative, and Neutral) of the individuals and it needs the involvement of human-machine interaction. Data preprocessing, feature extraction, training, and sentiment classifications based on the machine learning approaches are used in this modal.
### Dataset
The Multimodal Opinion Utterances Dataset (MOUD) Dataset consists of 80 product review videos in Spanish. Videos were found on the YouTube search page using the following keywords (translated to English): my favorite products, non recommended products, my favorite perfumes, recommended movies), non recommended movies, recommended books and non recommended books. Each video consists of multiple segments labeled to display positive, negative or neutral sentiment.
###### MOUD dataset is available through CMU Multimodal Data SDK on GitHub: https://github.com/A2Zadeh/CMU-MultimodalDataSDK
or Ping me
